c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\bin\Debug\finalsetrms.exe.config
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.adminlogging.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.complaintgadget.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.complaintidentify.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.complaintregis.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.Form1.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.Resources.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.typecomplaints.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.userlanding.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.userstatus.resources
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.xml
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\bin\Debug\finalsetrms.exe
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\bin\Debug\finalsetrms.pdb
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\bin\Debug\finalsetrms.xml
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.admincomplaints.resources
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.adminland.resources
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.articles.resources
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.laws.resources
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.statuspage.resources
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.exe
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.pdb
C:\Users\klraq\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\finalsetrms\finalsetrms\obj\Debug\finalsetrms.registation.resources
